Nothing in the world can bother you as much as your own mind, I tell you. In fact, others seem to be bothering you, but it is not others, it is your own mind.
It is easy to love people in memory; the hard thing is to love them when they are there in front of you.
Be soft, kind and loving. But also take nobody’s shit.
If it matters to you, it’s not stupid.
The intricate, perfect universes had felt her joy, regret and love- and in the end, she sank into the depths of a thousand nights.
Some days, I can conquer the world; Other days, it takes me three hours to convince myself to bathe.
When thinking about life remember this; no amount of guilt can solve the past and no amount of anxiety can change the future.
The world is full of nice people. If you can’t find one, be one.
You tend to distance yourself from others because you feel that they’re going to leave anyway.
Three simple rules in life. 1. If you do not go after what you want, you’ll never have it. 2. If you do not ask, the answer will always be no. 3. If you do not step forward, you will always be in the same place.
If dreams can’t come true, then why not pretend?
Promise me you’ll always remember: You’re braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
Shout out to everybody who’s trying to get their life together. Working on yourself is the hardest part of life. The rest comes after.
Whoever is happy will make others happy, too.
So far you’ve survived 100% of your worst days. You’re doing great.
Be a good person, but don’t waste time proving it.
Please be careful with me. Sometimes I just get sad and I don’t know why. I’m sorry.
Everyone deserves to know someone who makes them go '!!!!!!!!!!!!' inside
Be somebody nobody thought you could be.
In the planning stage of a book, don’t plan the ending. It has to be earned by all that will go before it.
Do you ever realize how badly you’re going to miss a moment while you’re living it? Like wow, these are the good days. I am here and I am happy and I feel alive.
I think the scariest thing in this world is you never know someone’s true intentions with you.
She was made up of clouds and stardust, beautiful but the clouds never stopped raining and the stars exploded continuously.
Maybe in this life we’ll be together. And if not, then we’ll just have to try in the next.
The easiest way to tell if you’re happy or not, is during the nights before you go to sleep.
If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need.
Are you scared? Or are you not ready? There is a difference.
Let yourself go sometimes. Just to see what comes back.
Have fun, even if it’s not the same kind of fun everyone else is having.
Even in this world where you’re seemingly getting everything you need and having this nice life, there’s still loneliness and longing and isolation and disconnection.
You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you.
I wanna be curled up in a hollow of strawberries and violets in a neverending, chirping, humming, warm forest all alone.
It’s okay to live a life others don’t understand.
Anyone who takes the time to be kind is beautiful.